---
layout: post
title:  "The Dress"
date:   2016-10-21
author: kayla
excerpt: |
  It’s that time of the wedding planning that every bride both dreads and looks forward to... dress shopping.
---

 * Venue [x]
 * Caterer [x]
 * Dress [crap]


It’s that time of the wedding planning that every bride both dreads and looks forward to... dress shopping. Preferably I wanted to drop some pounds before going, but I like burritos & margaritas so that didn’t happen! Starting the day early, I kept my beauty routine to a minimum as this was the time to focus on how my body looked in a dress & not how beautiful my face is (Helen of Troy level : trust). I was lucky to have my honest & hilarious friends Ben, Craig, & Abbie along for the ride! We started the day off with four bottles of champagne because why not, and then made our way to the boutique. Instantly upon arriving my tipsy butterflies started that familiar routine in my belly. It felt silly to be nervous to try on dresses but my trio assured me it was natural. After unleashing us on the dresses (we were able to pick out 4) we retreated to the changing room. What happened next can only be described as a glamorous love parade. I felt amazing, I felt stunning, I felt loved!! I didn’t feel embarrassed that my burrito booty didn’t fit into some of the dresses. I didn’t feel nervous that a stranger was seeing me in my (fanciest) bra and underwear. I just felt like a beautiful bride. 

*Realizations* I walked away with:

 * I look like a goddess in a ballgown.
 * I have some of the best friends in the world.
 * Pockets in a dress would be awesome to keep my vape pen in!
 * Brown lace looks weird on my freckles.
 * I want a much simpler dress than I was originally thinking.

Forever your bridezilla,  
Kilbanks
